Add blog post about notification filter by request state (#465)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2024-07-15-filter_by_request_state.md

---
layout: post
title: Notifications Filter by Request State
category: development
---

We have heard your suggestions and have introduced a way to filter the requests-related notifications by request state.
This new filter will help you focus on what really requires your attention.

### Filter by Request State

> If you are involved in highly active projects or packages, you will probably receive many notifications about requests that have been accepted or declined even before you check your notifications.

Reviewer: @saraycp this sentence is a bit confusing IMO.

> If you are involved in highly active projects or packages, you will probably receive many notifications about requests that have been accepted or declined even before you check your notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are involved in highly active projects or packages, you probably received many notifications in your inbox, about requests that meanwhile already been accepted or declined by another maintainer.
```

Author: @krauselukas I tried to simplify the sentence even more. What do you think?
